[The movie opens as it flies through the Warner Bros. Pictures shield and it goes underneath showing a wall of skulls. A snake, Nagini, slithers out of one of the skulls and through a grayeyard. The camera pans up to reveal the film's title in the stormy sky above. We pan back down to reveal a large manor house with a small cottage located nearby. Inside the cottage, an old man, Frank Bryce, is heating a kettle and puts it on the stove. Looking out the window, he sees a light on the old manor house.]

Frank Bryce: Bloody kids.

[Frank takes a flashlight and heads over to the creepy old house. After entering the old and abandoned building, he hears voices coming from upstairs.]

Voldemort: How fastidious you've become, Wormtail. As I recall, you once called the nearest gutter pipe home. Could it be that the task of nursing me has become wearisome for you?

[As Frank reaches the upper floor, he sees Peter Pettigrew, also known as Wormtail. speaking to an abscured man in a chair.

Wormtail: Oh, no. No, no, my Lord Voldemort. I only meant. . . perhaps if we were to do it without the boy...

Voldemort: No! The boy is everything! It cannot be done without him. And it will be done. Exactly as I said!

[A mysterious young man steps into view.]

Mysterious Man: I will not disappoint you, my Lord.

Voldemort: Good. First, gather our old comrades. Send them a sign. [Nagini slithers by Frank and into the room with Voldemort. She speaks to Voldemort in Parseltongue.] Nagini tells me the old Muggle caretaker is standing just outside the door. [Wormtail walks into the doorway.] Step aside, Wormtail, so I can give our guest a proper greeting. [Wormtail smiles creepily as he steps out of the doorway.] Avada Kedavra!

[A killing spell hits Frank Bryce as he hits the floor and the kettle he put on the stove whistles very loud.]

Scene 2: The Portkey
[The scene begins with the kettle still whistling in Harry's dreams.]

Hermione (as she brings the candle close to his face): Harry. Harry! [Harry wakes up from his dreams and pants.] Are you all right?

[Harry turns to the right and puts on his glasses.]

Harry: Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get here?

Hermione: Just now. You?

Harry (as Hermione turns away to wake Ron up): Last night.

Hermione: Wake up! Wake up, Ronald!

Ron: Bloody hell! [He pulls the sheets to cover himself.]

Hermione: Honestly, get dressed. [She turns to go away.] And don't go back to sleep. [While she tapes Ron's bed.] Come on, Ron! Your mother says breakfast's ready!

[Ron falls back to sleep. Afterwards, the group leave the Burrow to see the world cup.]

Harry: Ron, where are we actually going?

Ron: Dunno. [It zooms inside the woods.] Hey, Dad. Where are we going?

Arthur: Haven't the foggiest. Keep up!

[They continue to walk, eventually meeting Amos and Cedric.]

Amos Diggory: Arthur! It’s about time, son.

Arthur: Sorry, Amos. Some of us had a bit of a sleepy start. This is Amos Diggory, everyone. Works with me at the Ministry. [Cedric comes out of the tree out of nowhere.] And this strapping young lad must be Cedric, am I right?

Cedric: Yes, sir. This way.

[The group continues to walk up to the Portkey.]

Amos: Merlin's beard! You must be Harry Potter.

Harry: Yes, sir.

Amos (as he shakes Harry's hand): Great, great pleasure.

Harry: Pleasure to meet you too, sir.

[We then see a group of people walking close to the boot.]

AMOS: Yes, it's just over there.

[A person runs up to the portkey.]

Arthur: Shall we? Oh, yeah. We don't wanna be late. Come on. Nearly there now.

Amos: Get yourself into a good position.

Harry (as the group stands around the portkey): Why are they all standing around that manky old boot?

Fred: That isn't just any manky old boot.

George: It’s a Portkey.

Arthur: Time to go!

Harry: What's a Portkey?

Amos: Ready! After three. One, two…

Arthur: Harry!

Amos (after Harry touches the Portkey): …three!

[The group vanishes into the sky. Someone says Yay! as the world continues to spin.]

Arthur and Amos: Aha!

Arthur: Let go, kids!

Hermione: What?!

Arthur: Let go! [The group lets go of the portkey as they scream before hitting the ground. Amos, Arthur and Cedric lands on the ground silently.] I’ll bet that cleared your sinuses, eh?

Amos (as Cedric gives Harry a hand to help him stand up): Total shambles, as per usual.

Harry: Thanks.

[Harry, with Cedric's help stands up to go the group and Cedric runs up to the front.]

Scene 3: The Quidditch World Cup
[The scene begins as the group walks up to camp and sees team members on broomsticks flying past them.]

Arthur: Go on, look at that! Well, kids, welcome to the Quidditch World Cup! [The crowd cheers as the group goes to their tents] Stay together! Keep up, girls!

Ginny: Look!

Arthur: Come on! Keep up, girls! [They continue to walk as two Quidditch players fly past them.] Blimey!

Amos: Parting of the ways, I think, old chap.

Arthur: See you at the match.

Amos: See you.

Arthur: Cedric.

Amos: Ced, come on.

Fred and George: See you later, Cedric.

[They part ways as Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys continue to walk to the tents.]

Arthur: Home sweet home. [He opens the tent flap to let them all in.]

Fred/George: What?

[Arthur lets go of the flap and Harry is the last one to enter the tent.]

Arthur: Excellent, excellent.

Hermione (overlapping): Ginny, look!

Arthur: All to the bath. -

Hermione: Look.

Arthur: Girls, choose a bunk and unpack. Ron, get out of the kitchen. We're all hungry.

Fred and George: Yeah, get out of the kitchen, Ron!

Arthur: Feet off the table!

Fred and George: Feet off the table! [He walks away.]

Harry: I love magic.

[Harry looks around. It then shifts to the stadium where the Quidditch match is played. The crowd cheers.]

Man: Get your Quidditch World Cup programs here!

Ron: Blimey, Dad. How far up are we?

Lucius Malfoy: Well, put it this way: lf it rains, you'll be the first to know.

Draco: Father and l are in the minister's box, by personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself.

Lucius: Don't boast, Draco. There's no need with these people. [Harry and Hermione turn to go, but a stick comes on his shoulder before they leave.] Do enjoy yourself, won't you? While you can.

[Lucius puts the stick down before revealing the stadium with spectators cheering. The balloons go up into the air.]

Arthur: Come on up. Take your seats. l told you these seats would be worth waiting for.

George: Come on!

[The Irish team flies out into the field.]

Fred: lt's the lrish! There's Troy! And Mullet! And Moran!

[It then explodes into St. Patrick and dances]

Crowd: Ireland! Ireland! Ireland!

[The Ireland team takes formation]

George: Here come the Bulgarians! Yes!

[St. Patrick then explodes for us to see the Bulgarian team fly into the stadium as Krum does a stunning move.]

Ginny: Who's that?

Fred: That, sis, is the best Seeker in the world.

[The Bulgarian team continues to fly before showing a picture of Krum.]

Crowd: Krum! Krum! Krum! Krum!

Harry and the Weasleys: Krum! Yes!

[Hermione cheers. Victor Krum flies out to the middle of the stadium. The crowd is excited.]

Cornelius Fudge: Good evening! [cheering subsides] As Minister for Magic, it gives me great pleasure to welcome each and every one of you to the final of the 422nd Quidditch World Cup! Let the match begin!

[Cornelius then lets out a light as it zooms forward as the Quidditch teams go into the stadium and the stadium vanishes.]

Scene 4: The Dark Mark
[The scene opens with Mr. Weasley at the kettle, lighting a match.]

Weasleys: Krum! Krum! Krum!

[Ron, Fred and George are dancing together as Arthur blows out the fire and goes outside the tent to see what's happening.]

Ron: There's no one like Krum.

Fred: Krum? Dumb Krum?

Ron: He's like a bird, the way he rides the wind. He's more than an athlete.

Fred and George: Dumb Krum.

Ron: He's an artist.

Ginny: l think you're in love, Ron.

Ron: Shut up.

Fred and George: Viktor, I love you Viktor, I do.

Harry, Fred and George: When we're apart, my heart beats only for you.

Fred: Sounds like the lrish have got their pride on.

[Fred and George get into a fight.]

Arthur: Stop! Stop it! lt's not the lrish. We've gotta get out of here. Now!

[As Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys get outside the tent, they could see people leaving their tents and a man falls to the ground. People are screaming. Death Eaters attack the camp.]

Man: Get out, it's the Death Eaters!

Arthur: Get back to the Portkey, everybody, and stick together! Fred, George! Ginny is your responsibility. Go!

[Arthur takes the wand out of his jacket and leaves.]

Hermione: Harry!

[Harry joins Hermione. Away from their tent, a couple tents are already burning as people are panicked, screaming and running away. Death Eaters penetrate the camp carrying flame torches, fires going on the tents, as we see clothes hanged up. Hermione and some of the Weasleys see what's happening.]

Fred and George: Keep up, you lot!

Hermione: Harry! (while being dragged away by someone) Harry! Harry!

[People are still screaming as more clothes are hanged up. Death eaters march toward the camp more as they throw another fireball at tents. People are running around looking for shelter. Harry falls to the ground as more people are running away from the campsite. Harry is trampled over and sleeps as the screen goes dark. When the campsite is shown again, tents are burned off and crumbled. Barty Crouch Jr. kicks something and walks as more things fall down.]

Barty Crouch Jr.: Morsmordre!

[He casts the spell into the sky and a skull appears bringing a mouth near him. Harry wakes and tries to get up as he sees Barty Crouch walk away. He then goes to look for Ron and Hermione.]

Ron: Harry! Where are you?

Hermione: Harry!

[Harry turns to find them]

Ron: We've been looking for you for ages! [He and Hermione catches up to him.] Thought we lost you, mate.

Harry (looking at the skull): What is that?

[Harry feels his scar burn as wizards cast a spell at them.]

Wizards: Stupefy!

Arthur (while running to them): Stop! That's my son! (After he caught up to them.) Ron, Harry, Hermione, you all right?

Ron: We came back for Harry.

Barty Crouch Sr (pointing the wand): Which of you conjured it?

Arthur: Crouch, you can't possi--

Barty Crouch Sr: Do not lie! You've been discovered at the scene of the crime.

Harry: Crime?

Arthur: Barty! They're just kids.

Harry: What crime?

Hermione: lt's the Dark Mark, Harry. lt's his mark.

Harry: What, Voldemort? Those people tonight, in the masks, they're his too, aren't they? (Arthur nods) His followers?

Arthur: Yeah. Death Eaters.

Barty Crouch Sr: Follow me.

Harry: There was a man, before. (The men turn to him) There!

Barty Crouch Sr: All of you, this way!

Arthur (as the men turn away): A man, Harry? Who?

Harry: l don't know. l didn't see his face.

[Harry, Ron, Hermione and Arthur look up at the sky at the skull as its mouth draws near.]

Scene 5: The Triwizard Tournament
[The scene begins as the train flies past and Hermione reading a newspaper.]

Trolley Lady: Anything from the trolley? Anything from the trolley? [Hermione puts the newspaper down and Ron closes the book he was reading, The trolley lady comes to their compartment as Hary stands up.] Anything from the trolley, dears?

Ron: Packet of Drooble's and a Licorice Wand. On second thought, just the Drooble's.

Harry: lt's all right, l'll get it. Don't worry.

Ron: Just the Drooble's. Thanks.

Cho Chang: Two Pumpkin Pasties, please. [Harry looks at her as the Trolley Lady looks for the things.] Thank you.

Trolley Lady (as Cho and her friends turn to leave): Anything sweet for you, dear?

Harry: Oh, no, l'm not hungry. Thank you.

Trolley Lady (as Harry sits back down): Anything from the trolley?

Hermione: This is horrible. How can the Ministry not know who conjured it? Wasn't there any security or. . .?

Ron: Loads, according to Dad. That's what worried them so much. Happened right under their noses.

[Harry feels his scar as Hermione looks up at him.]

Hermione: lt's hurting again, isn't it? Your scar.

Harry: l'm fine.

Hermione (as she comes close to Harry): You know Sirius will want to hear about this, what you saw at the World Cup and the dream.

[Harry looks to the right, then writes 'Sirius Black' on the cover of the letter.]

HARRY: Hedwig. There we go.

[As the train rolls past, Harry lets Hedwig go as she flies to Sirius Black. The train gains momentum as the outskirts of Hogwarts is shown. A carriage with horses comes flying toward Hogwarts as the students go outside to see the same thing. Hagrid helps in going up and down on the signs as the carriage comes close.]

HAGRID: Clear the runway!

[Hagrid continues to hold the signs before he gets run over by a carriage.]

RON: Well, there's something you don't see every day.

[A ship pops out of the ocean, with waves coming out of it. As the view turns around, the masts go down.]

Dumbledore: Well, now we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement. (Flich comes running to Dumbledore.) This castle will not only be your home this year, but home to some very special guests as well. You see, Hogwarts has been chosen. . . . (Filch approaches Dumbledore.) Yes, what is it? What is it? (Filch whispers something in Dumbledore's ear as many students look at them.) Tell them to wait. Tell them to wait. So Hogwarts has been chosen to host a legendary event: The Triwizard Tournament. For those of you who do not know. . .

Fred and George: Brilliant.

Dumbledore: ... the Triwizard Tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school, a single student is selected to compete. Now let me be clear. lf chosen, you stand alone. And trust me when l say, these contests are not for the faint-hearted. But more of that later. For now, please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and their headmistress, Madame Maxime.

[The door opens and the Beauxbatons go inside the hall and do a curtsie twice.]

RON: Bloody hell.

[The Beauxbatons run up to the hall, letting birds flitter as Madame Maxime walks up to the front.]

SEAMUS FINNEGAN: Blimey. That's one big woman.

[The ladies do a dance before taking a bow. The crowd cheers, whistles and applauds as Madame Maxime gives a hand to Dumbledore. Dumbledore goes up to the front of the hall.]

Dumbledore: And now our friends from the north. Please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and their high master, lgor Karkaroff.

[The crowd turns as Durmstrang school enters the hall carrying sticks and pounding it on the floor. They pound three hands before switching to the other hand. They twist their sticks and run up to the front of the hall as some men do their dance.

Ron (as the three men walk up to the front of the hall): Oh, its Krum! Blimey, it's him! Viktor Krum!

[A man blows fire from his wand and a serpent comes out.]

Igor Karkaroff: Albus.

Dumbledore: lgor.

[They hug]

Scene 6: The Goblet of Fire
[The scene opens with Mad Eye-Moody walking to Hogwarts in the rain with his walking stick.]

Madame Maxime: Professor Dumbly-dorr, my horses have traveled a long way. They will need attending to.

Dumbledore: Not to worry, Madame Maxime. Our gamekeeper, Hagrid, is more than capable of seeing to them.

Madame Maxime; But you know, Monsieur Hagrid, (Dumbledore acknowledges), they drink only single-malt whiskey.

[Flitwick yelps as he swallowed a drink, then takes a fork off his hand Hagrid stabbed.]

FLITWICK: You idiot!

[The vessel is place in front of the Great Hall as the crowd talks. The judges leave the hall as Dumbledore goes up to the front.]

Dumbledore (as he walks to the corner): Your attention, please! (Once he's at the corner) l'd like to say a few words. Eternal glory. That is what awaits the student who wins the Triwizard Tournament. But to do this, that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.

Fred and George: Wicked.

Dumbledore: For this reason, the Ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule. To explain all this, we have the head of the Department of lnternational Magical Cooperation, Mr. Bartemius Crouch.

[Barty Crouch walks up to the front of the hall as Mad-Eye Moody appears. Thunder sounds in the hall. Everyone panicks as the sound vibrates. Mad-Eye Moody casts a spell as thunder disappears.]

Ron: Bloody hell. lt's Mad-Eye Moody.

Hermione: Alastor Moody? The Auror?

Dean: Auror?

Ron: Dark-wizard catcher. Half the cells in Azkaban are filled thanks to him. He's supposed to be mad as a hatter, though, these days.

[Mad-Eye Moody walks to meet Dumbledore as the view pans on Harry.]

Dumbledore: My dear old friend, thanks for coming.

Mad-Eye Moody: Stupid ceiling.

Dumbledore: Thank you.

[Mad-Eye Moody and Dumbledore walk away. Mad-Eye Moody takes a sip of his whiskey.]

Seamus: What's that he's drinking, do you suppose?

Harry: l don't know, but l don't think it's pumpkin juice.

[Mad-Eye Moody puts the flask away as Barty Crouch Sr. and Dumbledore walks up to the front of the hall.]

Barty Crouch Sr: After due consideration, the Ministry has concluded that, for their own safety, no student under the age of 17 shall be allowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard Tournament. This decision is final.

Fred, George and the crowd: (overlapping) That's rubbish! That's rubbish! You don't know what you're doing! [They boo at Barty Crouch Sr.'s statement.]

Dumbledore: Silence!

Hermione: They're not too happy about that, then.

[Dumbledore takes his wand from his pockets to reveal the Goblet in the casket.]

Dumbledore: The Goblet of Fire. Anyone wishing to submit themselves to the tournament, need only write their name upon a piece of parchment, and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly. lf chosen, there's no turning back. As from this moment, the Triwizard Tournament has begun.

[It zooms in on the fire. The view switches to outside Hogwarts, showing the Durmstrang ship. Karkaroff enters the Great Hall and sees the goblet, turns around, and closes both the doors.]

Scene 7: The Unforgivable Curses
Mad-Eye Mood: Alastor Moody. (He walks to the chalkboard and begins writing.) Ex-Auror, Ministry malcontent, and your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. l am here because Dumbledore asked me. End of story, goodbye, the end. Any questions? When it comes to the Dark Arts, l believe in a practical approach. But first, which of you can tell me how many Unforgivable Curses there are?

Hermione: Three, sir.

Mad-Eye Moody: And they are so named?

Hermione (as Mad-Eye Moody writes something on the chalkboard): Because they are unforgivable. The use of any one of them will--

Mad-Eye Moody: Will earn you a one-way ticket to Azkaban, correct. The Ministry says you're too young to see what these curses do. l say different! You need to know what you're up against! You need to be prepared. You need to find another place to put your chewing gum besides the underside of your desk, Mr. Finnigan!

Seamus: No way. The old codger can see out the back of his head.

[Mad-Eye Moody throws a chalk to the back of the classroom.]

Mad-Eye Moody: And hear across classrooms! So which curse shall we see first? Weasley!

Ron: Yes?

Mad-Eye Moody: Stand. (Ron obeys.) Give us a curse.

Ron: Well, my dad did tell me about one. The lmperius Curse.

Mad-Eye Moody: Oh, yeah, your father would know all about that. Gave the Ministry quite a bit of grief a few years ago. Perhaps this will show you why. (He turns to walk up to the front of the classroom and opens a jar with a spider in it.) Hello. Lovely little beauty. (he looks at the spider.) Engorgio. (The spider grows larger.) Imperio! (He makes the spider fly all over the classrom, first at Neville, then at Crabbe.) Don't worry. lt's completely harmless. (It then lands on the Patil's desk. Everyone in the classroom laughs. As it flies to Ron,) lf she bites, she's lethal. (Everyone laughs.) What are you laughing at?

Malfoy (as the spider lands on him): Get off!

Mad-Eye (laughing): Talented, isn't she? What should l have her do next? Jump out the window? (The spider lands on the window.) Drown herself? (He lets the spider fall down and graciously into his right hand.) Scores of witches and wizards have claimed that they only did You-Know-Who's bidding under the influence of the lmperius Curse. But here's the rub: How do we sort out the liars? Another, another. (Students raise their hands.) Up, up. Come on. Longbottom, is it? Up. (Neville stands up.) Professor Sprout tells me you have an aptitude for herbology.

Neville: There's the, the Cruciatus Curse.

Mad-Eye Moody: Correct, correct. Come, come. Particularly nasty. (Neville walks up to the front of the classroom.) The torture curse. Crucio!

[The spider makes movements as Neville is frightened about it. Neville turns.]

Hermione: Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering him? Stop it!

[Mad-Eye Moody stops the spider's movements as it settles down. He takes the spider to Hermione and lets go of the spider.]

Mad-Eye Moody: Perhaps you could give us the last Unforgivable Curse, Miss Granger. (Hermione shakes her head no.) No? Avada Kedavra! (He kills the spider.) The Killing Curse. Only one person is known to have survived it, and he's sitting in this room. (He walks up to Harry before taking a bottle of whiskey.)

[The students leave the Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to another lesson.]

Ron: Brilliant, isn't he? Completely demented, of course, and terrifying to be in the same room with, but he's really been there, you know? He's looked evil in the eye.

Hermione: There's a reason those curses are unforgivable. To perform them in a classroom, l mean, did you see Neville's face? (As Mad-Eye Moody walks up to Neville,) Neville?

Mad-Eye Moody: Son? You all right? (Neville nods.) Come on. We'll have a cup of tea. l want to show you something.

[Mad-Eye Mooy and Neville go back to the classroom. Harry and Hermione walk away as rain rattles the window.]

Student: We're gonna be late!

[Students are running into the school]

Scene 8: The Four Champions
[The scene opens with two students stepping up to the Goblet submitting their names and they applaud with each one.]

Student: Come on, Cedric. Put it in!

[Cedric steps up to the Goblet and submits his name. The students applaud. Ron waves as Cedric leaves the Great Hall.]

Ron: Eternal glory. Be brilliant, wouldn't it? Three years from now, when we're old enough to be chosen.

Harry: Yeah, rather you than me.

Fred and George (as they come into the Great Hall): Yes! (Everyone in the Great Hall applauds.) Thank you, thank you. Well, lads, we've done it.

Fred: Cooked it up just this morning.

Hermione: lt's not going to work.

Fred (as he and George sits down): Oh, yeah? And why is that, Granger?

Hermione: You see this? This is an Age Line. Dumbledore drew it himself.

Fred: So?

Hermione (after she closes her back): So a genius like Dumbledore couldn't possibly be fooled by a dodge as pathetically dimwitted as an Aging Potion.

Fred and George: But that's why it's so brilliant. Because it's so pathetically dimwitted. (They stand up and get the Aging Potion.) Ready, Fred? Ready, George. Bottoms up. (They drink the Aging Potion before jumping over the age line and the students applauds.) Yes! Yes! Yeah! Yes! Ready? (They submit their names into the Goblet.) Yes! Yes! (The fire spits out as they fall backwards and turn into beardless men.) You said! You said! (They begin to fight.) Oh, right, you want a piece of me?! l'll tear your ears off! Now you're making me laugh. Take this! Come on!

Students: Fight! Fight! Fight!

[The students chant fight as Hermione sits down to read her book.]

Fred and George: We're ''old school,'' right? Yeah, but you look older!

[The students turn to see Igor Karkaroff, Victor Krum and other student enter the Great Hall as Victor submits his name into the Goblet. The clock chimes and students find a place to take their seats.]

Dumbledore: Sit down. Please. Now the moment you've all been waiting for: The champion selection. (He dims the fires around the Great Hall before stepping up to the Goblet. He uses magic before the fire turns from blue to red to spit out the first school and name.) The Durmstrang champion is Viktor Krum. (The students cheer as Viktor stands up. Dumbledore congratulates him as he walks into the chamber. The goblet spits out another name and school. He catches it.) The champion for Beauxbatons is Fleur Delacour. (Students cheer and applauds as Fleur walks up to congratulate Dumbledore and walks into the chamber. He catches another name.) The Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory! (Students cheer and applauds as Cedric stands up as he walks to Dumbledore, congratulates him and walks into the chamber.) Excellent! We now have our three champions. But in the end, only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory, the Triwizard Cup! (He unveils it as the students cheer and applauds. Snape walks forward as Dumbledore walks back to the goblet. The fire turns to red as it spits out the final champion to compete. Dumbledore catches and reads out,) Harry Potter. Harry Potter?

[The students look around to see where Harry's at. Harry sits back down.]

Hagrid (shaking his head): No. No.

Dumbledore: Harry Potter!!!

Hermione: Go on, Harry. Harry, for goodness sake.

[Hermione helps Harry get up as he walks up to Dumbledore. Dumbledore gives him the parchment name and walks into the chamber.]

Student (as Harry walks into the chamber): He's a cheat! He's not even 17 yet!

[Harry walks into the chamber. The doors open to let him in.

Dumbledore, Professors, Madame Maxime and Karkaroff: lt's wrong, l tell you! You French tart. Everything is a conspiracy theory! Quiet! l can't think! Everything is a conspiracy theory! l protest. Harry. l protest!

Dumbledore: Harry, did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire?

Harry (as something falls): No, sir.

Dumbledore: Did you ask one of the older students to do it for you?

Harry: No, sir.

Dumbledore: You're absolutely sure?

Harry: Yes. Yes, sir.

Madame Maxime (as she walks up to meet the others): But of course he is lying.

Mad-Eye Moody: The hell he is! The Goblet of Fire is an exceptionally powerful magical object. Only an exceptionally powerful Confundus Charm could've hoodwinked it. Magic way beyond the talents of a fourth year.

Karkaroff: You seem to have given this a fair bit of thought, Mad-Eye.

Mad-Eye Moody: lt was once my job to think as dark wizards do, Karkaroff, perhaps you remember.

Dumbledore: This doesn't help, Alastor. Leave this to you, Barty.

Barty Crouch Sr.: The rules are absolute. The Goblet of Fire constitutes a binding magical contract. (He turns around.) Mr. Potter has no choice. He is, as of tonight, a Triwizard champion.

[Professor Snape and Mad-Eye Moody turn to Harry as the view pans on him.]

Scene 9: Let Events Unfold
[The scene begins on the outskirts of Hogwarts. It is raining showing the Durmstrang ship. Thunder sounds as the view goes to Dumbledore's office.]

McGonagall: This can't go on, Albus. First the Dark Mark. Now this?

Dumbledore: What do you suggest, Minerva?

McGonagall: Put an end to it. Don't let Potter compete.

Dumbledore: You heard Barty. The rules are clear.

McGonagall: Well, the devil with Barty and his rules. And since when did you accommodate the Ministry?

Snape: Headmaster, l, too, find it difficult to believe this mere coincidence. However, if we are to truly discover the meaning of these events. perhaps we should, for the time being let them unfold.

McGonagall: What...? Do nothing? Offer him up as bait? (as the view pans on Moody) Potter is a boy, not a piece of meat.

Dumbledore: l agree. With Severus. Alastor, keep an eye on Harry, will you?

Mad-Eye Moody: l can do that.

Dumbledore: Don't let him know, though. He must be anxious enough as it is, knowing what lies ahead. (he takes a stroke of hair from his head) Then again, we all are.

[Dumbledore puts the stroke of hair into the pensieve. Inside it shows a name of parchment reading Harry Potter. It changes to Harry Potter in the Gryffindor boys dormitory.]

Ron (as he walks to his bed): How did you do it? (Harry turns to him) Never mind. Doesn't matter. Might've let your best friend know, though.

Harry: Let you know what?

Ron: You know bloody well what.

Harry: l didn't ask for this to happen, Ron. (Ron turns to him) Okay? You're being stupid.

Ron: Yeah, that's me. Ron Weasley, Harry Potter's stupid friend.

[It pans on the other Gryffindor boys as Harry walks to Ron's bed.]

Harry: l didn't put my name in that cup. l don't want eternal glory. l just wanna be, (silence, then) Look, l don't know what happened tonight and l don't know why. lt just did. Okay?

[Ron turns to the corner and tries to sleep while Harry walks back to his bed.]

Ron: Piss off.

[Harry takes off his glasses and he and Ron fall asleep.]

Scene 10: Rita Skeeter
[The scene begins through a puff of smoke. Rita Skeeter groomed.]

Rita Skeeter: What a charismatic quartet. (She walks over to the champions and shakes their hands) Hello. l'm Rita Skeeter. l write for the Daily Prophet. But of course you know that, don't you? lt's you we don't know. You're the juicy news. What quirks lurk beneath those rosy cheeks? What mysteries do the muscles mask? Does courage lie beneath those curls? ln short, what makes a champion tick? ''Me, Myself and l'' want to know. Not to mention my rabid readers. So who's feeling up to sharing? Shall we start with the youngest? Lovely. (She takes Harry into a closet) This is cozy.

Harry: lt's a broom cupboard.

Rita Skeeter: You should feel right at home, then. Don't mind if l use a Quick-Quotes Quill, do you?

Harry: Oh, no.

[Rita and Harry sit down.]

Rita Skeeter: So tell me, Harry. Here you sit, a mere boy of 12...

Harry: l'm 14. Sorry.

Rita Skeeter: ...about to compete against three students. Not only vastly more emotionally mature than yourself, but who have mastered spells that you wouldn't attempt in your dizziest daydreams. Concerned?

Harry: l don't know. l haven't really thought about it.

Rita Skeeter: Just ignore the quill. Then, of course, you're no ordinary boy of 12, are you?

Harry: Fourteen.

Rita Skeeter: Your story's legend. Do you think it was the trauma of your past that made you so keen to enter such a dangerous tournament?

Harry: No, l didn't enter.

Rita Skeeter: Of course you didn't. Everyone loves a rebel, Harry. (she laughs) Scratch that last. Speaking of your parents, were they alive, how do you think they'd feel? Proud or concerned that your attitude shows, at best, a pathological need for attention, at worst, a psychotic death wish?

Harry (looking at the notepad): Hey, my eyes aren't "glistening with the ghosts of my past."

Scene 11: Sirius Conversation
[An owl flies in with Harry's letter. He takes it, opens it and reads.]

Sirius Overvoice: Harry, I couldn't risk sending Hedwig. Since the World Cup, the Ministry's been intercepting more and more owls and she's too easily recognized. We need to talk, Harry, face-to-face. Meet me in the Gryffindor common room, 1:00 this Saturday night. And make sure you're alone. \

Harry (as he stands up): Sirius.

Sirius: P.S.

Harry (after the owl nips his finger): Agh!

Sirius: The bird bites.

[Harry walks to the fireplace.]

Harry: Sirius?

[Harry picks up a newspaper, opens it, the headline reads "The Champions are Selected" and reads.

Rita Skeeter Ov: Harry Potter, age 12, suspect entrant in the Triwizard Tournament. His eyes swimming with the ghosts of his past and choking back tears...

[Rita giggles as Harry throws the newspaper into the fire. The fire flares and a face appears.]

Harry: Sirius! How--?

Sirius: l don't have much time, so let me get straight to it. Did you or did you not put your name into the Goblet of Fire?

Harry: No!

Sirius: Shh! l had to ask. Now, tell me about this dream of yours. You mentioned Wormtail and Voldemort. But who was the third man in the room?

Harry: l don't know.

Sirius: You didn't hear a name?

Harry: No. Voldemort was giving him a job to do. Something important.

Sirius: And what was that?

Harry: He wanted me. l don't know why. But he was gonna use this man to get to me. But, l mean, it was only a dream, right?

Sirius: Yes. lt's just a dream. Look, Harry. The Death Eaters at the World Cup, your name rising from that goblet, these are not just coincidences. Hogwarts isn't safe anymore.

Harry: What are you saying?

Sirius: l'm saying the devils are inside the walls. lgor Karkaroff? He was a Death Eater. And no one, no one stops being a Death Eater. Then there's Barty Crouch. Heart of stone. Sent his own son to Azkaban.

Harry (after he turns around and turns back to the fire): You think one of them put my name in the goblet?

Sirius: l haven't a clue who put your name in that goblet, Harry, but whoever did is no friend to you. People die in this tournament.

Harry: l'm not ready for this, Sirius.

Sirius: You don't have a choice.

[Harry turns around and sees Ron enter the room.]

Harry: Someone's coming.

Sirius: Keep your friends close, Harry.

[Harry leaves the fireplace to meet Ron,]

Ron: Who were you talking to?

Harry: What? Who says l was talking to anyone?

Ron: l heard voices.

Harry: Maybe you're imagining things. Wouldn't be the first time.

Ron: You're probably just practicing for your next interview, l expect.

[Ron leaves. Harry goes to the fire again but Sirius is gone. The newspaper in the fire has the headline "Teenage Tragedy".]

Scene 12: The Hungarian Horntail
[The scene begins in the woods.]

Neville: Amazing. Amazing!

Harry: Neville. You're doing it again.

Neville: Right, sorry.

Harry (reading a book): ''Magical Water Plants of the Highland Lochs''?

Neville: Moody gave it to me. That day we had tea.

[Neville waves. Hermione and Ron are walking up to them as Harry turns.]

Hermione: lt's already been through enough people. Why don't you just go and talk to him yourself? Ron, this is your problem, not mine. What do you want me to say again?

[Ron whispers some words to Hermione.]

Ron: Go.

[t's clear Ron and Harry are not on speaking terms. Hermione walks up to Harry.]

Hermione: Ronald would like me to tell you that Seamus told him that Dean was told by Parvati that Hagrid's looking for you.

Harry: ls that right? Well, you, what?

[Hermione walks back to Ron for more whispering.]

Hermione: Are you sure you won't do this?

Ron: Do it.

[Hermione comes back.]

Hermione: Dean was told by Parvati that, please don't ask me to say it again. Hagrid's looking for you.

Harry: Well, you can tell Ronald...

Hermione: l'm not an owl!

[Hermione turns and walks back with Ginny. Ron walks back as well. Harry and Hagrid are walking through a dark forest.]

Hagrid: Did you bring your father's cloak, like l asked you?

Harry: Yeah, l brought the cloak. Hagrid, where are we going?

Hagrid: You'll see soon enough. Now pay attention, this is important.

Harry: What's with the flower? Hagrid, have you combed your hair?

[Hagrid is looking more dapper than usual and is carrying a big red flower.]

Hagrid: As a matter of fact, l have. You might like to try the same thing now and again.

[Animal noises are heard. Madame Maxime calls out to Hagrid.]

Madame Maxime: Hagrid?

Hagrd: Oh, the cloak! Put the cloak on! (Harry does as he's told. Hagrid walks and meets her.) Bonsoir, Olympe.

Madame Maxime: Oh, Hagrid. l thought perhaps you weren't coming. l thought perhaps you had forgotten me.

Hagrid: Couldn't forget you, Olympe.

Madame Maxime (after Harry sticks out his tongue): What is it you wanted to show me? When we spoke earlier, you sounded so exhilarated.

Hagrid: You'll be glad you came. Trust me.

[Hagrid and Madame Maxime walks to the dragon. A dragon nearby gives a loud roar.]

Madame Maxime: Ahh, c'est magnifique!

[In an opening we see people are running about, dragons are roaring and breathing fire.]

Madame Maxime: Can we get closer?

[The fires are being controlled as Madame Maxime watches and Harry uncovers his head.]

Harry: Dragons? That's the first task? You're joking.

Hagrid: Come on, Harry. (the cage opens) These are seriously misunderstood creatures. (A huge flame fires up.) Oh, crikey! Although, l have to admit that Horntail is a right nasty piece of work. Poor Ron nearly fainted just seeing him, you know.

Harry (turning to Hagrid): Ron was here?

Hagrid: Oh, sure. (as he turns to Harry) His brother Charlie helped to bring him over from Romania. Didn't Ron tell you that?

Harry: No, he didn't. (dragons roar) He didn't tell me a thing.

[The dragon roars and breathes fire.]

Scene 13: Transforming Malfoy
[We're zoomed in on a badge, it depicts Cedric on a bright yellow background. Then the badge spins and shows Harry on a green background with the words "Potter Stinks" on it. As Harry walks along other pupils aim insults at him saying he stinks. A young boy runs past.]

Students: You cheat, Potter. You stink, Potter. (students laugh) Good luck, Potter. Potter stinks! Cedric rules.

Harry: Thanks.

[Harry gets to a doorway, two pupils stand in his way.]

Students: Like the badge? (they laugh)

Harry: Excuse me

[They laugh, Harry pushes his way through. He approaches Cedric who is standing around with his friends. Cedric's friends hurl off more insults.]

Students: Harry. Hey! Read the badge, Potter!

Harry (to Cedric): Can l have a word?

Cedric: All right.

Students (as they walk away some distance): You stink, Potter! Potter, you stink! Harry Potter smells!

Harry (once they are together): Dragons. That's the first task. They've got one for each of us.

Students: Come on, Ced!

Cedric: Are you serious? (as it zooms in) And Fleur and Krum, do they...?

Harry: Yes.

Student (as it zooms in): Come on, Ced, leave him. Right. He's not worth it. Read the badges, Potter!

Cedric: Hey, listen. About the badges. l've asked them not to wear them, but...

Harry: Don't worry about it.

[Ron and Seamus are walking along. Harry approaches them.]

Seamus: lt's not like l try to blow things up, exactly. lt just happens a fair bit. You have to admit, though, fire's pretty fascinating.

Harry (to Ron): You're a right foul git, you know that?

Ron: You think so?

Harry: l know so.

Ron: Anything else?

Harry: Yeah. Stay away from me.

Ron: Fine.

[Draco calls out, he's sitting up a tree.]

Students: There's Potter. Cheat.

Draco: Why so tense, Potter? My father and l have a bet, you see. l don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in this tournament. (after he comes down) He disagrees. He thinks you won't last five.

Harry: I don't care what your father thinks, Malfoy. (he pushes Draco) He's vile and cruel. And you're just pathetic.

[Harry turns and goes.]

Draco: Pathetic?

Mad-Eye Moody: Oh, no, you don't, sonny! (Harry walks away and Draco angrily tries casting a spell. Mad-Eye appears and quickly turns Malfoy into a ferret.) l'll teach you to curse someone when their back is turned! (as he walks up to it and points) You stinking, cowardly, scummy...

McGonagall: Professor Moody!

Mad-Eye Moody: . . .back-shooting...

McGonagall: What are you doing?

Mad-Eye Moody: Teaching.

McGonagall: ls that a...? ls that a student?

Mad-Eye Moody: Technically, it's a ferret. ( Mad-Eye is making the ferret hover around. He sends it up the trouser leg of one of Draco's friends. He squirms and looks uncomfortable.) Stand still! Stand still! (Everyone else is laughing. Mad-Eye winks to Harry and he laughs. Eventually it comes back out and McGonagall turns Draco back to normal.)

Draco: My father will hear about this!

Mad-Eye Moody: ls that a threat?

McGonagall (as Draco runs away. Mad-Eye shouts after him.): Professor Moody!

Mad-Eye Moody: ls that a threat?

McGonagall: Professor!

Mad-Eye Moody: l could tell you stories about your father that would curl even your greasy hair!

McGonagall: Alastor!

Mad-Eye Moody: lt doesn't end here!

McGonagall: Alastor. We never use transfiguration as a punishment! Surely Dumbledore told you that.

Mad-Eye Moody: He might've mentioned it.

McGonagall: Well, you will do well to remember it. (she turns and walks) Away! (they walk away)

Mad-Eye Moody (to Harry): You. Come with me. (Harry follows him to his office. He takes off his coat. Mad-Eye takes off his prosthetic leg and takes a seat. Harry walks to him.) That's a Foe-Glass. Lets me keep an eye on my enemies. lf l can see the whites of their eyes, they're standing right behind me. (he laughs. A noise emerges from a trunk on the floor and it shakes.) Wouldn't even bother telling you what's in there. You wouldn't believe it if l did. Now (he takes something to write) what are you going to do about your dragon?

Harry: Oh, uh, well, you know, l just thought l'd...

Mad-Eye Moody: Sit. (he obeys) Listen to me, Potter. Your pal Diggory? By your age, he could turn a whistle into a watch and have it sing you the time. Miss Delacour? She's as much a fairy princess as l am. As for Krum, his head may be filled with sawdust, but Karkaroff's is not. They'll have a strategy. And you can bet that it will play to Krum's strengths. Uh? Come on, Potter. What are your strengths?

Harry: Um, l don't know. Well, l can fly. (while he nods) l mean, l'm a fair flyer. But l...

Mad-Eye Mooy: Better than fair, the way l heard it.

Harry: But l'm not allowed a broom.

Mad-Eye Moody: You're allowed a wand.

Scene 14: The First Task
[The scene begins outside the arena. The crowds are cheering, people are taking bets.]

Fred/George: Bets! Place your bets! Bets taken! Bets taken here! Step up, folks! Who fancies a flutter in today's bloodbath? Smart money's on Krum to survive! Any bets? Yes, sir? Ten-to-1 for Fleur. There you go. Thank you very much.

Dumbledore: Your attention, please. This is a great day for all of us. (the dragon roars) Each of the three tasks involves very considerable danger. Please keep your seats at all times. This will minimize any risks you may be exposed to.

[Harry is pacing nervously. Hermione is standing by the tent door whispering in.]

Hermione: Harry? ls that you?

Harry: Yeah.

Dumbledore: I'm sure we all wish our champions...

Hermione: How are you feeling? Okay?

Dumbledore (overlapping): ... the greatest of luck.

[The crowd cheers.]

Hermione: The key is to concentrate. After that, you just have to--

Harry: Battle a dragon.

[Hermione enters the tent and they hug. A bright camera flashes, Rita Skeeter the journalist approaches.]

Rita Skeeter: Young love. How (she comes close) stirring. (the dragon roars) lf everything goes unfortunately today, you two may even make the front page.

Viktor (to Rita): You have no business here. This tent is for champions and friends.

[The crowd cheers.]

Rita: No matter. We've got what we wanted.

[Rita and the photographer leaves and Dumbledore enters.]

Dumbledore: Good day, champions. Gather round, please. Now, you've waited, you've wondered, and at last the moment has arrived. A moment only four of you can fully appreciate. (The champions gather around him in a circle.) What are you doing here, Miss Granger?

Hermione; Oh, um, sorry, l'll just go.

Dumbledore: Barty, the bag.

Barty: Champions, in a circle around me. Miss Delacour, over here. Mr. Krum. And, Potter, Mr. Potter, over here. That's right. Now, Miss Delacour, if you will. (Barty holds up a bag. Fleur takes out a little green dragon.) The Welsh Green. (Fleur looks at Madame Maxime as the dragon blows fire.) Mr. Krum. (Viktor takes another out) The Chinese Fireball. Oooooh. (Cedric picks one.) The Swedish Short-Snout. Which leaves...

Harry: The Horntail.

Barty: What's that, boy?

Harry: Nothing.

[Harry puts his hand in the bag and pulls out the dragon.]

Barty: The Hungarian Horntail. These represent four very real dragons, each of which has been given a golden egg to protect. Your objective is simple: collect the egg. This you must do, for each egg contains a clue, without which you cannot hope to proceed to the next task. Any questions?

Dumbledore: Very well. Good luck, champions. Mr. Diggory, at the sound of the cannon, you may--

[The cannon fires immediately. They're all startled at the noise. Cedric steps outside the tent.]

Crowd: Diggory! Diggory! Diggory!

[It zooms in on Harry sitting alone nervously.]

Dumbledore: Three of our champions have now faced their dragons, and so each one of them will proceed to the next task. And now our fourth and final contestant.

Crowd: Harry! Harry! Harry!

[Harry enters the rocky arena. The crowd are cheering his name. He sees the golden egg sitting alone, he makes a run for it but the dragon appears. Harry's forced to retreat behind a rock as the dragon flames him. Harry stumbles and falls around the arena.]

Hermione: Your wand, Harry! Your wand!

Harry: Accio Firebolt!

[Harry takes cover. He summons a broom. He jumps on and flies off, the dragon gives chase. The dragon breathes fire. The dragon bursts through the crowd and they look stunned.

Ron: Yeah!

Hermione: Yes!

Student: Oh, my God.

[Harry flies upward. The dragon rips open a flat.]

Fred: Yeah!

George: Yeah! Well done, dragon!

[Harry is flying at high speed around the Hogwarts buildings. The dragon cuts him off and whips him off his broom, he lands on the roof of Hogwarts, hanging on for dear life. The dragon is clambering across the roof, strewing tiles as it goes. Harry reaches his broom but it's stuck. He jerks it loose and lets go of the roof just in time before the dragon swipes at him. He falls a long way but regains control. The dragon breathes fire. He flies on to an area with a bridge, he flies through a gap in the bridge but the dragon crashes into it and falls into the water. The crowds are mostly silent and looks up.]

Hermione: Yes! Yes!

[Harry flies towards and the crowd erupts. He goes straight for the golden egg.]

Scene 15: Best Foot Forward
[The scene begins in the Gryffindor Common Room as students and the people in the portrait cheer as Harry holds up the egg. The Weasly twins have Harry sitting on their shoulders.]

Fred: Yes, Harry!

George: Knew you wouldn't die.

Fred: Lose a leg.

George: Or an arm.

Fred: Pack it in altogether?

Fred and George: Never! Never!

Seamus: Shush! (He hands Harry the golden egg.) Go on, Harry. What's the clue?

Harry: Who wants me to open it?

Crowd: Yes!

Harry: Do you want me to open it?

Crowd: Yes!

[Harry opens the egg and a loud horrific screech comes out, he closes it again.]

Ron (appearing in the doorway): What the bloody hell was that?

[Everyone stares at Ron.]

Fred: All right, everyone! Go back to your knitting. This is gonna be uncomfortable enough without all you nosy sods listening in.

Ron (approaching Harry): l reckon you have to be barking mad to put your own name in the Goblet of Fire.

Harry: Caught on, have you? Took you long enough.

Ron: l wasn't the only one who thought you'd done it. Everyone was saying it behind your back.

Harry (after looking around): Brilliant. That makes me feel loads better.

Ron: At least l warned you about the dragons.

Harry: Hagrid warned me about the dragons.

Ron: No, no, no, l did. No, don't you remember? l told Hermione to tell you that Seamus told me that Parvati told Dean that Hagrid was looking for you. Seamus never actually told me anything, so it was really me all along. l thought we'd be all right, you know, after you'd figured that out.

Harry: Who...? Who could possibly figure that out? That's completely mental.

Ron: Yeah. lsn't it? l suppose l was a bit distraught.

[Harry and Ron look at each other.]

Hermione: Boys. (She looks around.)

[The owls fly around Hogwarts and into the Great Hall as students walk in. As students enter, owls fly around.

Patil Twins: Hi, Harry. Hi, Harry.

[Harry is looking at Cho and takes a sip.]

Girl: Cho, Harry's looking at you.

[When she looks back, he spills drink from his mouth. They laugh at him.]

Girl: Shush.

Hermione (reading a newspaper): Look at this! (she puts down the newspaper) l can't believe it! She's done it again. ''Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to be developing a taste for famous wizards. Her latest prey, sources report is none other than the Bulgarian bonbon, Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry Potter's taking this latest emotional blow.''

[Nigel walks up to Ron holding a package.]

Nigel: Parcel for you, Mr. Weasley.

Ron: Thank you, Nigel. (He, Harry and Hermione gae at Nigel) Not now, Nigel. Later. Go on. (Nigel leaves) l told him l'd get him Harry's autograph. Oh, look, Mum's sent me something. (He opens the parcel and Hermione takes the lid. He takes the dress and stands.) Mum sent me a dress.

Harry: Well, it does match your eyes. ls there a bonnet? Aha!

Ron: Nose down, Harry. Ginny, these must be for you.

Ginny: l'm not wearing that, it's ghastly.

[Hermione laughs.]

Ron: What are you on about?

Hermione: They're not for Ginny. They're for you. (the twins laugh) Dress robes.

Ron: Dress robes? For what?

McGonagall: The Yule Ball has been a tradition of the Triwizard Tournament since its inception. On Christmas Eve night, we and our guests gather in the Great Hall for a night of well-mannered frivolity. As representatives of the host school, l expect each and every one of you to put your best foot forward. And l mean this literally, because the Yule Ball is, first and foremost, a dance. (Groans emerge from the boys who are listening on. The girls seem a lot more excited.) Silence! The house of Godric Gryffindor has commanded the respect of the wizard world for nearly 10 centuries. l will not have you, in the course of a single evening, besmirching that name by behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.

Fred (whispering to George): Try saying that five times fast, huh?

McGonagall: Now, to dance, is to let the body breathe, inside every girl, a secret swan slumbers longing to burst forth and take flight.

Ron (whispering to Seamus): Something's about to burst out of Eloise Midgen, but l don't think it's a swan. (He laughs)

McGonagall: lnside every boy, a lordly lion prepared to prance. Mr. Weasley.

Ron: Yes?

McGonagall: Will you join me, please? (She grabs Ron and pulls him up to dance. ) Now, place your right hand on my waist.

Ron: Where?

McGonagall: My waist. (He does so and a wolf whistle comes from the crowd.) And extend your arm. Mr. Filch, if you please. (The music starts.) One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three.

[The twins dance along too the music.]

Harry (to the twins): Oi! Never gonna let him forget this, are you?

Twins: Never. Never.

McGonagall: Everybody come together. (The girls instantly stand and walk forward, the boys are all still seated.) Boys, on your feet!

[Neville stands. He dances as Harry opens the door and Ron sees Neville dance.]

Scene 16: An Unexpected Challenge
Harry: Why do they have to travel in packs? How are you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?

[The girls turn to Ron and Harry. They walk away.]

Ron; Blimey, Harry. You've slayed dragons. lf you can't get a date, who can?

Harry: l think l'd take the dragon right now.

[Groups of girls are giving them icy looks and turning their backs. Hagrid and Madame Maxime are walking together.]

Hagrid: l take after my mum. Though l didn't know her very well. She left when l was about 3. No, not the maternal sort, her. Broke me dad's heart, though. He was a tiny little fella, my dad. l could pick him up at the age of 6 with one hand and put him up on the dresser. (They laugh together and have a moment.) He laughed so hard at that. Very funny. (Madame tastes Hagrid.) And then he died just when l started school, so... So, l sort of had to make me own way, as it were. But enough of me. What about you?

[Viktor Krum is training, a group of girls are following him around. Hermione reads a book as Ron stares at her. Harry looks at the girls running.]

Ron: This is mad. At this rate, we'll be the only ones in our year without dates. (Severus Snape walks past and slaps Ron over the head.) Well, us and Neville.

Harry: Yeah, but, then again, he can take himself. (He laughs)

Hermione: lt might interest you to know that Neville's already got someone.

Ron (after he gasps): Now l'm really depressed.

[Fred hands Ron a note, it reads "GET A MOVE ON OR ALL THE GOOD ONES WILL HAVE GONE!".]

Ron: "Get a move on or all the good ones will have gone.'' Who you going with, then?

[Fred throws the note at a girl.]

Fred: Oi, Angelina?

Angelina: What?

Fred: Do you wanna go to the ball with me? (he dances)

Angelina: To the ball?

Fred: Yeah, all right.

[She laughs.]

Ron: Oi, Hermione. You're a girl.

Hermione: Very well spotted. (Harry pats Ron's shoulder)

Ron: Come with one of us? (Snape slaps Ron and Harry's head) Come on. lt's one thing for a bloke to show up alone. For a girl, it's just sad.

Hermione: l won't be going alone, because, believe it or not, someone's asked me! (Hermione gets up and gives the book to Snape) And l said yes! (she storms off)

Ron: Bloody hell.

She's lying, right?

Harry: lf you say so.

Ron (as Snape stars at them): Look, we've just gotta grit our teeth and do it. Tonight, when we get back to the common room, we'll both have partners. Agreed?

Harry: Agreed.

[Snape slaps Ron and Harry's heads. Harry walks up some steps. He reaches the top and bumps into Cho who has come around the corner.]

Harry: Cho!

Cho: Harry! (She giggles as Harry goes inside the Owlery) Watch yourself on the stairs. lt's a bit icy at the top.

Harry: Okay, thanks. (Cho walks away as Harry turns around) Cho?

Cho: Yes?

Harry: Well, (mumbling) l just wondered if you...l wondered if maybe you wanted to go to the ball with me.

Cho: Sorry, l didn't catch that.

Harry: l was just wondering if maybe you wanted to go to the ball with me.

Cho: Oh, um, Harry, l'm sorry, but someone's already asked me. And, well, l've said l'll go with him.

Harry (after nodding): Okay. Yeah. Great. Fine. No problem. Okay. Good.

Cho: Harry? l really am sorry.

[Cho walks away as Ron is being helped into the room, he looks shaky.]

Ginny: lt's all right, Ron. lt's okay, Ron. lt's all right. lt doesn't matter.

Harry: What happened to you?

Girl: He just asked Fleur Delacour out.

Hermione: What?

Harry: What did she say?

Hermione: No, of course. (after silence) She said yes?

Ron (after shaking his head): Don't be silly. There she was, walking by. You know how l like it when they walk. l couldn't help it. lt just sort of slipped out.

Girl: Actually, he sort of screamed at her. lt was a bit frightening.

Harry: And what did you do then?

Ron: What else? l ran for it. l'm not cut out for this, Harry. l don't know what got into me.

Patil Twins: Hi, Harry. Hi, Harry.

Ron: l always liked looking at them from behind. (Harry turns around) She's never gonna forgive me, ever.

Harry: Hey!

Scene 17: The Yule Ball
[Exterior view of Hogwarts with Christmas music playing. Inside, students are heading over to the Great Hall. Up in the Gryffindor dormitories, Ron has just gotten his dress robes on.]

Ron: Bloody hell. Bloody hell. Bloody, Oh, bloody (Harry enters the room, wearing more stylish dress robes) What are those? What are those?

Harry: My dress robes.

Ron: Well, they're all right! No lace. No dodgy little collar.

Harry: Well, l expect yours are more traditional.

Ron: Traditional?! They're ancient! l look like my Great Aunt Tessie! (he smells his armpit) l smell like my Great Aunt Tessie. (Harry and Ron look at themselves in a mirror) Murder me, Harry.

[Harry and Ron head down the Grand Staircase.]

Harry: Leave it alone!

Ron: Poor kid. l bet she's alone in her room, crying her eyes out.

Harry: Who?

Ron: Hermione, of course. Come on, Harry, why do you think she wouldn't tell us who she's coming with?

Harry: Because we'd take the mickey out of her if she did.

Ron: Nobody asked her. Would've taken her myself if she wasn't so bloody proud.

[They reach the Patil twins, who are waiting outside the Great Hall.]

Patil Twins: Hello, boys. Hello, boys.

Padma (seeing Ron's dress robes): Don't you look dashing.

McGonagall (approaching Harry): Oh, there you are, Potter. Are you and Miss Patil ready?

Harry: Ready, professor?

McGonagall: To dance. lt's traditional that the three champions, well, in this case, four, are the first to dance. Surely l told you that.

Harry: No.

McGonagall: Well, now you know. (turns to Ron) As for you, Mr. Weasley, you may proceed into the Great Hall with Miss Patil. (to someone else) Oh, there you are.

Ron: Come on, then.

McGonagall: Come along this way.

[Ron and Padma head towards the Great Hall. Padma stops to look back.]

Ron (pushing her alone): Oh, come on.

Girl: Hi.

[Harry notices Cho, who came with Cedric.]

McGonagall: Now, l need you all to line up in the procession, please. Oh, you are very late. This way. This way. Come along.

[Meanwhile, Hermione peeks around the corner, wearing a very lavish dress. Parvati spots her.]

Parvati: She looks beautiful!

Harry: Yeah, she does.

[Harry realizes Parvati is talking about someone else and turns around to see Hermione elegantly descending the Grand Staircase. Viktor Krum approaches her, and she takes his arm. Hermione nervously waves at Harry. The four champions enter the Great Hall, which has been transformed into a winter wonderland. Students clap as they enter.]

Padma: ls that Hermione Granger? With Viktor Krum?

Ron: No. Absolutely not.

Parvati: Hi! (Once the champions have reached the center of the room, Flitwick prepares to start conducting the orchestra.) Harry, take my waist.

Harry: What?

Parvati: Now!

[He takes her waist just as the music starts, and the four champions begin dancing with their partners. After a while, Dumbledore and McGonagall join the dance, and others follow. Everyone claps. Filch is "dancing" with his cat, Mrs. Norris. Ginny and Neville come in together. Watching by himself with a ferret on his lap, Moody takes a drink from his flask. Hagrid gestures for Madame Maxime to join him on the dance floor. Suddenly, rock music starts.]

Myron Wagtail: Are you ready? (a wizarding band, the Weird Sisters, is playing live and the crowd goes wild) Move your body like a hairy troll Learning to rock and roll Spin around like a crazy elf Dancing by himself Boogie down like a unicorn No stopping till the break of dawn Put your hands up in the air Like an ogre who just don 't care Can you dance like a Hippogriff? Na, na, na, ma, ma, ny, na, na, ny, na!

[While Hermione and many others continue dancing, Harry, Ron, and their dates are sitting and watching.]

Ron: Ruddy pumpkinhead, isn't he?

Harry: l don't think it was the books that had him going to the library.

[A Durmstrang student approaches Parvati.]

Durmstrang student: May l have your arm?

Parvati: Arm. Leg. l'm yours.

[Parvati leaves with the Durmstrang student, leaving Padma looking frustrated. Ron looks at them. During a break in the dancing, Krum kisses Hermione on the hand and leaves. She then sits down with Harry, Ron, and Padma.]

Hermione: Hot, isn't it? Viktor's gone to go and get drinks. Would you care to join us?

Ron: No, we'd not care to join you and Viktor.

Hermione: What's got your wand in a knot?

Ron: He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternizing with the enemy.

Hermione: The enemy? Who was it wanting his autograph? Besides, the whole point of the tournament is international magical cooperation to make friends.

Ron: l think he's got a bit more than friendship on his mind.

[Hermione gets up to leave. She turns angrily to Ron, as though to say something to him, but then changes her mind and walks away.]

Padma: Are you going to ask me to dance or not?

Ron: No. (Padma heads off as well, leaving Harry and Ron alone. Sometime later, Ron and Hermione are walking out of the Great Hall together.) He's using you.

Hermione: How dare you?! Besides, l can take care of myself.

Ron: l doubt it. He's way too old.

Hermione: What?! What? That's what you think?

Ron (as they reach the Entrance Hall): Yeah, that's what l think.

Hermione: You know the solution then, don't you?

Ron: Go on.

Hermione: Next time there's a ball, pluck up the courage and ask me before somebody else does! And not as a last resort.

Ron: Well, that's, l mean, that's just completely off the point. Harry.

[Hermione turns around to see Harry come into the Entrance Hall.]

Hermione: Where have you been? (before Harry could say something) Never mind! Off to bed, both of you.

[Harry is understandably confused.]

Ron (as he and Harry head up the Grand Staircase together): They get scary when they get older. \

Hermione: Ron, you spoiled everything!

Harry: What's this about?

[Hermione sits down on the staircase to cry by herself. Back in the Great Hall, Neville is dancing with Ginny. As Hagrid dances with Madame Maxime, he lets his hand slip down to her butt, but she pushes it back up.]

Scene 18: The Egg's Clue
[The bell tolls and the birds fly. It is snowing at Hogwarts as the camera goes to the Gryffindor Common Room. Harry is sleeping as we see the Little Hangelton graveyard. It zooms in on the Riddle House as we go through the head. It is back in the room.]

Voldemort (v.o): Let me see it again. (We see the mark on the arm.) Yes, the time is close now. Harry, at last! Step aside, Wormtail, so l can give our guest a proper greeting.

[The green light is cast. Harry wakes up with a gasp.]

Neville: You all right, Harry? l just got in. Me.

[Harry feels his face and Neville dances away]

Hermione: Harry, you told me you'd figured the egg out weeks ago. The task is two days from now.

Harry: Really? l had no idea. l suppose Viktor's already figured it out.

Hermione: Wouldn't know. We don't actually talk about the tournament. Actually, we don't really talk at all. Viktor's more of a physical being. (after laughing) l just mean he's not particularly loquacious. Mostly, he watches me study. lt's a bit annoying, actually. You are trying to figure this egg out, aren't you?

Harry: What's that supposed to mean?

Hermione: lt just means these tasks are designed to test you in the most brutal way. They're almost cruel. And, um (she walks to the left of Harry) l'm scared for you. You got by the dragons mostly on nerve. l'm not sure it's going to be enough this time.

Cedric: Hey, Potter! (Harry and Hermione turn to him. Harry leaves) Potter!

Harry: Cedric.

Cedric (as he runs up to meet Harry): How...? How are you?

Harry: Spectacular.

Cedric: Look, l realize l never really thanked you properly for tipping me off about those dragons.

Harry: Forget about it. l'm sure you would've done the same for me.

Cedric: Exactly. You know the Prefects' bathroom on the fifth floor? (Harry nods) lt's not a bad place for a bath. Just take your egg and mull things over in the hot water.

[Cedric turns and leaves. Harry does the same. Taps go on in the bathroom. Harry takes off his cloak. The mermaid in the painting comes up.]

Harry (looking at the Golden Egg): l must be out of my mind. (He opens it and it screams. He closes it.) l'm definitely out of my mind.

Myrtle (after she laughs): l'd try putting it in the water if l were you.

Harry: Myrtle!

Myrtle: Hello, Harry. Long time no see. (she giggles and flies around) l was circling a blocked drain the other day and could swear l saw a bit of Polyjuice Potion. Not being a bad boy again, are you, Harry?

Harry: Polyjuice Potion? Kicked the habit. Myrtle, did you say, ''Try putting it in the water''?

[Myrtle flies around again and gets in the water.]

Myrtle: Oh, that's what he did. The other boy (dances) the handsome one (she comes close) Cedric. (Harry takes the egg) Well, go on. Open it.

[Harry opens the egg and goes underwater.]

Voice: Come seek us where our voices sound We cannot sing above the ground An hour long you'll have to look To recover what we took

[Harry rises himself and coughs. Myrtle laughs.]

Harry: Myrtle, there aren't merpeople in the Black Lake, are there?

Myrtle: Ah, very good. lt took Cedric ages to riddle it out. Almost all the bubbles were gone.

[Myrtle laughs as Harry walks away and Myrtle comes near.]

Hermione: Harry, tell me again.

Harry (reading a book): Come seek us where our voices sound.

Hermione: The Black Lake, that's obvious.

[Hermione gives Ron the Golden Egg.]

Harry: An hour long you'll have to look.

Hermione: Again, obvious. Though, admittedly, potentially problematic.

Harry (looking at Hermione): Potentially problematic? When's the last time you held your breath underwater for an hour, Hermione?

Hermione: Look, Harry, we can do this. The three of us can figure it out.

Mad-Eye Moody (appearing in doorway): Hate to break up the skull session. (Hermione and Harry turn to him) Professor McGonagall wants you in her office. Not you, Potter, just Weasley and Granger.

Hermione: But, sir, the second task is only hours away, and...

Mad-Eye Moody: Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared by now and could do with a good night's sleep. Go. Now! (Ron puts the Golden Egg on a table. Harry closes the book and opens another one with papers) Longbottom! Why don't you help Potter put his books back.

[Mad-Eye Moody walks away as Neville appears and Harry puts the pages in another book and closes it.]

Neville: You know, if you're interested in plants, you'd be better off with Goshawk's Guide to Herbology. Do you know there's a wizard in Nepal who's growing gravity-resistant trees?

Harry: Neville, no offense, but l really don't care about plants. Now, if there's a Tibetan turnip that will allow me to breathe underwater for an hour, then great. But otherwise...

Neville: l don't know about a turnip. But you could always use gillyweed.

Scene 19: The Second Task
Fred and George: Any bets? Any bets? Come on, place your bets!

Fred: Step up, mates! Don't be shy.

George: Three lads.

Fred: One lady.

George: Four go down.

Fred: But do four come up?

Ginny: Don't be so mean.

Fred and George: Any bets? Fleur's 10-1.

[Neville gives Harry gillyweed.]

Harry: You're sure about this, Neville?

Neville: Absolutely.

Harry: For an hour?

Neville: Most likely.

Harry: Most likely?

Neville: Well, there is some debate among herbologists as to the effects of fresh water versus salt water--

Harry: You're telling me this now? You must be joking!

Neville: l just wanted to help.

Harry: Well, that makes you a right sight better than Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?

Neville: You seem a little tense, Harry.

Harry: Do l?

[Neville and Harry walk to the boats. We arrive at the stands going underwater. The crowds cheer.]

Dumbledore (as the champions get ready) : Welcome to the second task. Last night, something was stolen from each of our champions. A treasure of sorts. These four treasures, one for each champion, now lie on the bottom of the Black Lake. In order to win, each champion need only find their treasure and return to the surface. Simple enough, except for this:

Mad-Eye Moody (overlapping to Harry): Put that in your mouth.

Dumbledore (as Harry puts the gilliweed in his mouth and starts choking): They will have but one hour to do so, and one hour only. After that, they'll be on their own. (Mad-Eye Moody slaps Harry during the speech) No magic will save them. You may begin at the sound of the cannon.

[The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of them dive in while Harry is pushed. Harry struggles. Underwater the effects of gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed.]

Seamus: What's the matter with him?

Dean: l don't know, l can't see him.

Neville (after he turns around): Oh, my God. l've killed Harry Potter.

[Harry flies into the air like a dolphin and the crowd cheer.]

Harry: Yeah!

[Dean and Seams laugh.]

Neville: What?

[They see Harry go underwater again as Neville steps in. Harry swims among the fish and rocks. He swims downwards. Fishes swim away. Singing voices start echoing. Merpeople attract attention. We see Fleur get trapped, she screams. Mad-Eye Moody checks his timer.]

Dumbledore: The Beauxbatons champion, Miss Delacour, has unfortunately been forced to retire, so she will take no further part in this task.

[Harry is still searching around. He hears muffled screams. He finds Ron, Hermione, Cho Chang and a blonde girl from Beauxbatons tied in place by their ankles. Cedric is there, he takes Cho with him. Harry sets about freeing Ron and Hermione but vicious merpeople appear. He swims away. Cedric casts a spell sending a merperson away. Cedric takes Cho by the right arm and they go upwards. Harry takes out his wand, but a merpeerson takes Harry's neck.]

Harry: But she's my friend too!

Merperson: Only one!

[Merpeople swim away. Harry turns around and sees a shark approach at high speed. It has legs and it's Viktor. He takes Hermione and heads for the surface. Harry looks around and casts a spell. The clock ticks. Harry frees Ron. Cedric and Cho emerge, the crowd cheers.]

Dumbledore: Let's get down below.

[Dumbledore and Barty Crouch go down the steps. Viktor and Hermione emerge next. The shark turns back to Viktor.]

Crowd: Krum! Krum! Krum!

[Hermione and Viktor swim to the steps. The Beauxbaton girls look worried. Harry lifts Ron and the girl up. A merperson grabs his left leg. Harry struggles as merpeople try to grab him. He gets held down and pushes Ron and the girl towards the surface. Harry casts a spell at the Merpeople and they swim away. Time ticks away. Ron and the girl come up, they are coughing but safe. They're helped out of the water by a girl from Beauxbatons.]

Fred and George: Yes!

[A Beauxbaton girl helps Ron and another Beauxbaton student up as she speaks French. Harry looks up at the water as he's about to sink.]

Harry: Ascendio!

[Harry casts a spell that propels him towards the surface, he flies out and lands on the decking where the crowd are.]

Dumbledore: Harry! (Mad-Eye Moody leaves. A student puts a towel around Harry.) He's all right. He's all right. Barty!

Seamus: Go get him another towel.

Dumbledore: l want all the judges over here now!

Fleur (to Harry): You saved her, even though she wasn't yours to save. (a girl wipes her face) My little sister. Thank you. (she kisses Harry on the face and another towel is put around Harry) And you! You helped.

Ron: Well, yeah, a bit. (Fleur kisses Ron as well. She speaks in French.) Merci.

Hermione (coming to Harry with a towel): Harry!

Harry: Hermione! Ow!

Hermione: Are you all right? You must be freezing. (She puts another towel around him) Personally, l think you behaved admirably.

Harry: l finished last, Hermione.

Hermione (after she kisses him): Next to last. Fleur never got past the Grindylows.

Crowd (as Dumbledore comes to the front): Krum! Krum! Krum!

Man: Come on! Come on!

Dumbledore: Attention! (the crowd still chants) Attention! (the chant subsides, and Hermione covers her ears) The winner is Mr. Diggory (Cedric and his friends cheer) who showed innate command of the Bubble-Head Charm. However, seeing as Mr. Potter would have finished first, had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr. Weasley, but the others as well, we've agreed to award him second place...

Hermione: Second place!

Seamus: Well done!

Dumbledore: ...for outstanding moral fiber!

Someone: Boo!

Boy: Yes!

[Malfoy slaps the boy. He and Goyle walk away.]

Scene 20: Never Whole Again
George: Right on.

Fred: All that moral fiber, eh?

George: lt's great.

Ron: Moral fiber? Blimey. Even when you go wrong, it turns out right.

George: Yeah, well done, Moral Fiber.

Barty: Congratulations, Potter. A fine achievement.

Harry: Thank you.

Barty: Well done, boy.

Ron: See you at Hagrid's, Harry.

Barty: l'm sorry we haven't spoken. After all, your story is one l've heard so many times. Quite remarkable, really. Tragic, of course to lose one's family. Never whole again, are we? (after silence) Still, life goes on, and here we stand. (Harry giggles and Mad-Eye approaches them) l'm sure your parents would be very proud of you today, Potter.

Mad-Eye Moody: Bartemius! (Barty and Harry looks at him) Not trying to lure Potter into one of the Ministry's summer internships, are we? The last boy who went into the Department of Mysteries never came out! (Barty walks close to him and walks away) And they say l'm mad.

[Barty walks away as Mad-Eye Moody takes a sip of his whiskey. It turns to night.]

Hagrid: Now, l remember, l remember when l first met you all. Biggest bunch of misfits l ever set eyes on. Suppose you remind me of meself a little. And here we all are, four years later.

Ron: We're still a bunch of misfits.

Hagrid: Well, maybe, but we've all got each other. And Harry, of course. Soon to be the youngest Triwizard champion there's ever been! Hooray!

[Hagrid, Ron and Hermione laughs. They walk on singing the Hogwarts song. Harry holds his head in pain. On the ground he sees Barty Crouch laying lifeless. Harry sees a hat on the ground as he walks.]

Harry: Mr. Crouch?

[The gargoyle spins around and Harry enters Dumbledore's office.]

Dumbledore: A man has died here, Fudge. And he won't be the last. You must take action.

Fudge: l will not. ln times like these, the wizard world looks to its leaders for strength, Dumbledore!

Dumbledore: Then for once show them some!

Fudge: The Triwizard Tournament will not be canceled. l will not be seen as a coward!

Dumbledore: A true leader does what is right, no matter what others think.

Fudge: What did you say? What did you say to me?

Mad-Eye Moody: Excuse me, gentlemen. lt may interest you to know this conversation is no longer private.

[Mad-Eye points his wand to the door and the door opens.]

Fudge: Oh, Harry! Harry, how good to see you again.

Harry (walking forward): l can come back later, professor.

Dumbledore: Oh, not necessary, Harry. The minister and l are done. l'll be back in a moment. Minister, after you. There you are. Your hat. (as Fudge takes his hat) Oh, Harry, do feel free to indulge in a little Licorice Snap in my absence. (as he takes the Licorice Snap) But l have to warn you, they're a wee bit sharp.

[Dumbledore, Fudge and Mad-Eye Moody leave Dumbledore's office. Mad-Eye Moody casts a spell to close the door.]

Scene 21: The Pensieve
[Harry looks around. He puts his hand in the snackbowl and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips at his hand.]

Harry: Agh! (He bumps into the office wall. Creatures fly around the office. He stomps them with his feet before putting his hands on the ground. The small creatures disappear. A compartment in the wall opens to show a glowing blue pool of water. He gets up and walks to the pensieve. He looks down at it and casts it. It turns from blue to a courtroom. He falls down and lands in it. Dumbledore is seated next to Harry. He looks around.] Professor?

Man (seated next to Dumbledore:: Professor.

Dumbledore: Yeah.

[Dumbledore and the man shake hands. Their handshake goes through Harry's body, he appears to be some kind of ghost with no presence. Proceedings begin, a cage is raised from inside the floor. Barty goes to his seat.]

Barty; lgor Karkaroff, you have been brought from Azkaban at your own request to present evidence to this council. Should your testimony prove consequential, council may be prepared to order your immediate release. Until such time, you remain in the eyes of the Ministry a convicted Death Eater. Do you accept these terms?

Igor: l do, sir.

Barty: And what do you wish to present?

Igor: l have names, sir. There was Rosier, Evan Rosier.

[A wizard looks through the papers and gives it to the man.]

Barty: Rosier is dead.

Mad-Eye Moody (pointing to his magical eye): He took a piece of me with him, though, didn't he?

Igor: l didn't know.

Barty: lf that is all the witness has to offer...

Igor: No, no, no. There was Rookwood! He was a spy.

Barty: Augustus Rookwood? Of the Department of Mysteries?

Igor: Yeah, yeah, the same. He passed information to You-Know-Who from inside the Ministry itself.

Barty: Very well. Council will deliberate. ln the meantime, you will return to Azkaban.

Igor: No! Wait, please! Please, l have more! What about Snape? Severus Snape?

Dumbledore (as he stands up): As the council is very much aware, l've given evidence on this matter. Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater and, prior to Lord Voldemort's downfall, turned spy for us at great personal risk.

Igor (protesting loudly): lt's a lie!

Dumbledore: Today he's no more a Death Eater than l.

Igor (overlapping): Severus Snape remains faithful to the Dark Lord!

Barty (hitting the gravel repeatedly): Silence! Unless the witness possesses any genuine name of consequence, this session is now concluded.

Igor: Oh, no, no, no. l've heard about one more.

Barty: What's that?

Igor: The name.

Barty: Yes?

Igor: l know for a fact this person took part in the capture, and, by means of the Cruciatus Curse, torture of the Auror Frank Longbottom and his wife!

Barty (as a man stands up): The name. Give me the wretched name!

Igor: Barty Crouch (Rita gasps) Junior.

[The crowd gasps. Harry looks around as Barty Crouch junior begins to run. Mad-Eye zaps him with magic, he falls into the center of the court. The crowd is in uproar.]

Man: Hold him down!

[Guards seize Barty junior.]

Barty Jr: Get your filthy hands off me, you pathetic little men! (He goes up to Barty.) Hello, Father.

Barty: You are no son of mine.

Barty Jr: Gahhhh!

[Harry steps out of the pensieve and falls back. He stands up.]

Dumbledore: Curiosity is not a sin, Harry. But you should exercise caution. (As Harry walks back to the Pensieve) lt's a Pensieve. Very useful if, like me, you find your mind a wee bit stretched. (Harry looks at him) lt allows me to see once more things l've already seen. (as he walks to the cabinet) You see, Harry, l have searched and searched for something, some small detail, something l might have overlooked, something that would explain why these terrible things have happened. (He turns around) Every time l get close to an answer, it slips away. (He sits down) lt's maddening.

Scene 22: Dreams and Suspicions
Harry (as he walks to Dumbledore): Sir? Mr. Crouch's son. (Dumbledore turns to him) What exactly happened to him?

Dumbledore: He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty to do it. But he had no choice. The evidence was overwhelming. Why do you ask?

Harry: lt's just that l, l had a dream about him. lt was in the summer, before school. (Dumbledore stands up. It changes to the Riddle House) In the dream, I was in a house. And Voldemort was there, only he wasn't quite human. And Wormtail was there too. And Mr. Crouch's son.

Dumbledore: Have there been others like this dream?

Harry: Yes. (back to Dumbledore's office) Always the same one. (Dumbledore walks to the Pensieve) Sir, these dreams, what l see, you don't think it's actually happening, do you?

Dumbledore (looking at Harry): l think it's unwise for you to linger over these dreams, Harry. l think it's best if you simply (he puts up his wand and pulls a quivering string of hair from his head) cast them away.

[Dumbledore puts inside and looks at Barty Jr. As Harry walks, we hear raised voices from inside the herbs store.]

Igor: lt's a sign, Severus. You know what it means as well as l.

[The door opens, Igor shows his arm, and they see Harry. He looks at them and Igor leaves.]

Snape (as Harry tries to leave): Potter! What's your hurry? (Harry looks at him and walks back) Congratulations, your performance in the Black Lake was inspiring. Gillyweed, am l correct?

Harry: Yes, sir.

Snape: lngenious. (he walks back to the herbs store. As Harry walks inside and he climbs the ladder) A rather rare herb, gillyweed. Not something found in your everyday garden. (he takes out a herb) Nor is this. (He climbs back down and shows it to Harry) Know what it is?

Harry: Bubble juice, sir?

Snape: Veritaserum. Three drops of this and You-Know-Who himself would spill his darkest secrets. The use of it on a student is, regrettably, forbidden. However, should you ever steal from my personal stores again (he titls the bottle) my hand might just slip over your morning pumpkin juice.

Harry (shaking his head): l haven't stolen anything.

Snape: Don't lie to me. Gillyweed may be innocuous, but boomslang skin, lacewing flies? You and your little friends are brewing Polyjuice Potion, and believe me, l'm going to find out why!

[Snape closes the door on Harry.]

Scene 23: The Third Task
[The crowd is cheering at the arena as Hogwarts March is being played conducted by Flitwick. The four champions emerge into the arena, along with Amos.]

Goyle: Yeah!

Malfoy: Yeah!

[Viktor Krum, Karkaroff, Dumbledore and Harry go into the arena moments later. Dumbledore goes onto the podium.]

Dumbledore: Sonorus! (The music and the cheering dies down as the crowd takes their seat.) Earlier today, Professor Moody placed the Triwizard Cup deep within the maze. Only he knows its exact position. Now, as Mr. Diggory (the crowd cheers and Amos holds Cedric's hand up) and Mr. Potter (the crowd cheers) are tied for first position, they will be the first to enter the maze, followed by Mr. Krum (The Bulgarian crowd goes nuts) and Miss Delacour.

Igor: Come on! Krum! Krum! Krum!

Dumbledore: The first person to touch the cup will be the winner! (the crowd cheers) l've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter. Should, at any point, a contestant wish to withdraw from the task, (holding up a wand) he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands. Contestants! Gather around. Quickly! (The contestants gather around him) ln the maze, you'll find no dragons or creatures of the deep. lnstead, you'll face something even more challenging. You see, people change in the maze. Oh, find the cup if you can. But be very wary, you could just lose yourselves along the way. (He leaves the champions) Champions, prepare yourselves!

[The champions prepare for the task as the crowd cheers. Cedric hugs his father.]

Amos: Cedric, good luck. My boy.

Cedric: See you later, Dad.

Dumbledore: On the count of three. One--

[The cannon goes off. The music starts again. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Mad-Eye pats Harry on the shoulder. Dumbledore groans. Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances. Mad-Eye and Dumbledore turn to Harry. The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing the maze, creature noises are all around. Harry looks around to see the noise. Cedric walks along, the maze walls begin to close in on him. He looks around. The hedge comes in his way as he runs. Krum comes with his wand in his hand. Harry looks back. Fleur runs around scared. She looks around before screaming at the noise. Viktor sees Fleur unconscious on the ground. Harry runs up to Fleur. Viktor meets Harry along the way, pointing the wand at his face. He lowers his wand and walks away. Harry runs to see Fleur swallowed into the undergrowth.]

Harry: Fleur? Fleur. (Fleur disappears. He stands up, pointing his wand at the sky) Periculum!

[Harry sends up a red spark into the air. A heavy wind starts blowing, walls are closing in, Harry runs as the hedges blocks his eyes. He falls back. He sees the Triwizard Cup shining in the distance and he moves towards it. The hedge covers it. Viktor tries to zap him but misses.]

Cedric: Get down! (Harry ducks and Viktor gets zapped by Cedric.) Get down! (As Viktor comes close) Expelliarmus!

[Viktor falls backwards. Cedric runs up and kicks the wand out of Viktor's hand. He points his wand at Viktor's body as if to finish him off, Harry runs up and intervenes.]

Harry: No, don't! Stop! He's bewitched, Cedric!

Cedric: Get off me!

Harry: He's bewitched!

[Harry and Cedric runs towards the cup. They push into each other along the way. Harry pulls Cedric's shirt. They see the Triwizard Cup ahead.]

Harry: Yes.

[Harry and Cedric run toward the cup. The undergrowth grabs Cedric on their way to the cup. Cedric falls to the ground. Harry looks back as Cedric is pinned down with no escape. He looks at the cup.]

Cedric: Harry! (Harry looks back) Harry! (The weeds try to strangle him) Harry! (He tries to fall into the growth) Harry!

Harry (pointing his wand at Cedric): Reducto!

[Harry zaps the plantlife and Cedric wriggles free. He unties the growth on Cedric as he helps him up. They pant in horror. Cedric coughs.]

Cedric: Thanks.

Harry: No problem.

Cedric: You know, for a moment there, l thought you were gonna let it get me.

Harry: For a moment, so did l.

Cedric (looking around): Some game, huh?

Harry: Some game.

[Harry and Cedric look around. The wind starts blowing again.]

Cedric: Go!

[Harry and Cedric start to run.]

Scene 24: Flesh, Blood and Bone
[Harry and Cedric run up to the Triwizard Cup. They look back.]

Cedric (once they're at the cup): Go on, take it. You saved me, take it!

Harry: Together. One.

Harry and Cedric: Two, three!

[Harry and Cedric take the Cup and get transported to a graveyard. They fall down. The cup falls away. Harry coughs. Harry stands.]

Cedric: You okay?

Harry: Yeah. You?

Cedric (after he stands up and looks around): Where are we?

[Harry and Cedric walk around.]

Harry: l've been here before.

Cedric (looking at the Cup): lt's a Portkey. Harry, the cup is a Portkey.

Harry: l've been here before, in a dream. (he looks at a tombstone) Cedric! We have to get back to the cup. Now!

Cedric: What are you talking about? (Harry looks around. Wormtail approaches. Harry screams. The cauldron comes into life with fire.) Harry! What is it?

Harry: Get back to the cup!

[Harry screams as Wormtail comes to meet him and Cedric. Cedric walks up to Wormtail.]

Cedric: Who are you? What do you want?

Voldemort: Kill the spare.

Wormtail: Avada Kedavra!

Harry: No!!! (Cedric twirls around, and Harry closed his eyes) Cedric!!!

[Cedric lays dead on the ground. Wormtail lifts Harry and ties him onto an tombstone. A handle grabs him.]

Voldemort: Do it! Now!

[Wormtail looks at the cauldron. He drops the body into it.]

Wormtail (pointing the wand at Harry): Bone of the father (raising the bone) unwillingly given. (He uses his wand til he puts the bone in the cauldron, putting his wand away) Flesh of the servant (taking out a knife) willingly sacrificed. (He screams) And blood of the enemy (takes out the knife again and tears Harry's left sleeve) forcibly taken. (He takes blood from Harry and puts it in the cauldron.) The Dark Lord shall rise again.

[Harry screams as fire ensues. Wormtail runs away as the cauldron transforms into Voldemort.]

Scene 25: The Death Eaters
[The camera turns around as Voldemort feels his head. Wormtail approaches Harry. Voldemort walks closer to Wormtail.]

Voldemort: My wand, Wormtail. (Wormtail hands him the wand and bows deeply. He takes it.) Hold out your arm.

Wormtail: Master. Thank you, master.

Voldemort: The other arm, Wormtail. (Wormtail looks concerned, but does it anyway. He sticks the wand into Wormtail's arm. A snake appears on his arm. The sky changes. He and Wormtail turn on the spot. Others have been summoned.) Welcome, my friends. Thirteen years it's been, and yet, here you stand before me as though it were only yesterday. l confess myself disappointed. Not one of you tried to find me. Crabbe! (slash) Macnair! (another slash) Goyle! (final slash) Not even you (walks up to the figure) Lucius. (the figure falls)

Lucius: My Lord, had l detected any sign, a whisper of your whereabouts--

Voldemort: There were signs, my slippery friend. And more than whispers.

Lucius: l assure you, my Lord, l have never renounced the old ways. (takes off hood) The face l have been obliged to present each day since your absence (after looking around) that is my true mask.

Wormtail: l returned.

Voldemort (walking to Wormtail): Out of fear, not loyalty. Still, you have proved yourself useful these past few months, Wormtail.

[Voldemort grants Wormtail a new hand.]

Wormtail: Thank you, master. Thank you.

Voldemort (touching Cedric's corpse): Oh, such a handsome boy.

Harry: Don't touch him!

Voldemort (looking up): Harry. l'd almost forgotten you were here. Standing on the bones of my father. Yeah. l'd introduce you but word has it you're almost as famous as me these days. (Harry pants) The boy who lived. How lies have fed your legend, Harry. Shall l reveal what really happened that night 13 years ago? Shall l divulge how l truly lost my powers? Yes, shall l? lt was love. You see, when dear, sweet Lily Potter gave her life for her only son, she provided the ultimate protection. l could not touch him. lt was old magic. Something l should have foreseen. But no matter, no matter. Things have changed. (approaches Harry) l can touch you now. (He puts his hand on Harry's head and he screams.) Yeah. (His finger leaves Harry's scar.) Astonishing what a few drops of your blood will do, eh, Harry?

Pick up your wand, Potter. l said, pick it up! Get up! Get up! You've been taught how to duel, l presume, yes? First, we bow to each other. Come on, now, Harry. The niceties must be observed. Dumbledore wouldn't want you to forget your manners, would he? l said, bow. -That's better. And now. . . . -No. Crucio! Crucio! Attaboy, Harry. Your parents would be proud. Especially your filthy Muggle mother. Expelliar-- l'm going to kill you, Harry Potter. l'm going to destroy you. After tonight, no one will ever again question my powers. After tonight, if they speak of you. . . . . .they'll speak only of how you begged for death. And l, being a merciful Lord. . . . . .obliged. Get up! Don't you turn your back on me, Harry Potter! l want you to look at me when l kill you! l want to see the light leave your eyes! Have it your way. -Expelliarmus! -Avada Kedavra! Do nothing! He's mine to finish! He's mine! Harry, when the connection is broken, you must get to the Portkey. We can linger for a moment to give you some time. . . . . .but only a moment. Do you understand? Harry, take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my father. Let go. Sweetheart, you're ready. Let go! Let go! Accio! No! He did it! Harry! Harry! No! No! No, don't! For God's sake, Dumbledore, what's happened? He's back. He's back. Voldemort's back. Cedric, he asked me to bring his body back. l couldn't leave him, not there. lt's all right, Harry. lt's all right. He's home. You both are. Keep everybody in their seats. A boy has just been killed. The body must be moved, Dumbledore. There are too many people. Let me through. Let me through! Let me through! That's my son! That's my boy! lt's my boy! -Come on. Get up. Easy, easy! -No. This is not where you want to be right now. Come on. No! lt's all right, l got you. l got you. Come on. Easy, now. No! No! Are you all right, Potter? Does it hurt? That? Not so much now. Perhaps l'd better take a look at it. The cup was a Portkey. Someone had bewitched it. What was it like? -What was he like? -Who? The Dark Lord. What was it like to stand in his presence? l don't know. lt was like l'd fallen into one of my dreams. . . . . .into one of my nightmares. Were there others? ln the graveyard, were there others? l. . . . l don't think l said anything about a graveyard, professor. ''Marvelous creatures, dragons, aren't they?'' Did you think that miserable oaf would've led you into the woods. . . . . .if l hadn't suggested it? Do you think Cedric Diggory would've told you to open the egg underwater. . . . . .if l hadn't told him first myself? Did you think Neville Longbottom, the witless wonder. . . . . .could've provided you with gillyweed if l hadn't given him the book. . . . . .that led him straight to it? lt was you from the beginning. You put my name in the Goblet of Fire. -You bewitched Krum, but you-- -''But-- But--'' You won because l made it so, Potter. You ended up in that graveyard tonight because it was meant to be so. And now the deed is done. The blood that runs through these veins runs within the Dark Lord. lmagine how he will reward me when he learns. . . . . .that l have once and for all. . . . . .silenced the great Harry Potter. Expelliarmus! Severus. That's it, take it. -Do you know who l am? -Albus Dumbledore. -Are you Alastor Moody? Are you? -No. ls he in this room? ls he in this room? Harry, away from there! -You all right, Alastor? -l'm sorry, Albus. That's Moody. But then who's--? Polyjuice Potion. Now we know who's been stealing from your stores, Severus. We'll get you up in a minute. Harry! Barty Crouch Junior. l'll show you mine if you show me yours. Your arm, Harry. You know what this means, don't you? He's back. Lord Voldemort has returned. l'm sorry, sir. l couldn't help it. Send an owl to Azkaban. l think they'll find they're missing a prisoner. -l'll be welcomed back like a hero. -Perhaps. Personally, l've never had much time for heroes. Today, we acknowledge. . . . . .a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory was, as you all know. . . . . .exceptionally hard-working. . . . . .infinitely fair-minded. . . . . .and, most importantly. . . . . .a fierce, fierce friend. Now, l think, therefore, you have the right to know exactly how he died. You see. . . . . .Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort! The Ministry of Magic does not wish me to tell you this. But not to do so, l think, would be an insult to his memory. Now, the pain. . . . . .we all feel at this dreadful loss reminds me. . . . . .and reminds us. . . . . .that while we may come from different places and speak in different tongues. . . . . .our hearts beat as one. ln light of recent events. . . . . .the bonds of friendship we've made this year will be more important than ever. Remember that, and Cedric Diggory will not have died in vain. You remember that. . . . . .and we'll celebrate a boy who was. . . . . .kind and honest. . . . . .and brave and true, right to the very end. l never liked these curtains. Set them on fire in my fourth year. By accident, of course. l put you in terrible danger this year, Harry. l'm sorry. Professor. . . . . .when l was in the graveyard, there was a moment. . . . . .when Voldemort's wand and mine sort of connected. Priori Incantatem. You saw your parents that night, didn't you? They reappeared. No spell can reawaken the dead, Harry. l trust you know that. Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy. But remember this: You have friends here. You're not alone. Hermione. This is for you. Write to me. Promise. Bye. Au revoir, Ron. Do you think we'll ever just have a quiet year at Hogwarts? -No. -No. No, l didn't think so. Oh, well. What's life without a few dragons? Everything's going to change now, isn't it? Yes. Promise you'll write this summer. Both of you. l won't. You know l won't. -Harry will, won't you? -Yeah. Every week.